[Velodyne monitor]add readme (#570)
tier4/AutowareArchitectureProposal.iv: system/velodyne_monitor/Readme.md

# velodyne_monitor

## Purpose

> This node monitors the status of Velodyne.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This node monitors the status of Velodyne LiDARs.
```
IMO: Since Velodyne is a company name, add LiDARs or sensors might be better?

The result of the status is published as diagnostics.

## Inner-workings / Algorithms

> The status of Velodyne is get from `https://[ip_address]/cgi/{info, settings, status, diag}.json`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The status of Velodyne LiDARs can be retrieved from `https://[ip_address]/cgi/{info, settings, status, diag}.json`.
```
IMO: Since Velodyne is a company name, add LiDARs or sensors might be better?

Reviewer: 129f0b5

> The status of Velodyne LiDAR is get from `http://[ip_address]/cgi/{info, settings, status, diag}.json`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The status of Velodyne LiDAR can be retrieved from `http://[ip_address]/cgi/{info, settings, status, diag}.json`.
```
Reminder: `is get` seems to not be correct. Might be replaced as suggested or something like that.

> The status of Velodyne LiDAR is get from `https://[ip_address]/cgi/{info, settings, status, diag}.json`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The status of Velodyne LiDAR is get from `http://[ip_address]/cgi/{info, settings, status, diag}.json`.
```

Reviewer 2: https://github.com/tier4/AutowareArchitectureProposal.iv/blob/61f59aeb877445237ebd55eb20fbde97580379cd/system/velodyne_monitor/src/velodyne_monitor.cpp#L53

| Top board temperature is too hot                  | ERROR             |
| Top board temperature is hot                      | WARN              |
| Bottom board temperature is too cold              | ERROR             |
| Bottom board temperature is cold                  | WARN              |
| Bottom board temperature is too hot               | ERROR             |
| Bottom board temperature is hot                   | WARN              |
| Rpm(Rotations per minute) of the motor is too low | ERROR             |
| Rpm(Rotations per minute) of the motor is low     | WARN              |
| Connection error (cannot get Velodyne status)     | ERROR             |

## Inputs / Outputs

### Input

None

### Output

| Name           | Type                              | Description         |
| -------------- | --------------------------------- | ------------------- |
| `/diagnostics` | `diagnostic_msgs/DiagnosticArray` | Diagnostics outputs |

## Parameters

### Node Parameters

| Name      | Type   | Default Value | Description                                         |
| --------- | ------ | ------------- | --------------------------------------------------- |

> | `timeout` | double | 0.5           | timeout for HTTP request to get Velodyne status [s] |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `timeout` | double | 0.5           | Timeout for HTTP request to get Velodyne status [s] |
```
Nit: Capitalize T.

### Core Parameters

> | Name              | Type   | Default Value   | Description                                                                                                              |
> | ----------------- | ------ | --------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
> | `ip_address`      | string | "192.168.1.201" | IP address of target Velodyne                                                                                            |
> | `temp_cold_warn`  | double | -5.0            | If the temperature of Velodyne is lower than this value, the diagnostics status becomes WARN [°C]                        |
> | `temp_cold_error` | double | -10.0           | If the temperature of Velodyne is lower than this value, the diagnostics status becomes ERROR [°C]                       |
> | `temp_hot_warn`   | double | 75.0            | If the temperature of Velodyne is higher than this value, the diagnostics status becomes WARN [°C]                       |
> | `temp_hot_error`  | double | 80.0            | If the temperature of Velodyne is higher than this value, the diagnostics status becomes ERROR [°C]                      |
> | `rpm_ratio_warn`  | double | 0.80            | If the rpm rate of the motor (= current rpm / default rpm) is lower than this value,the diagnostics status becomes WARN  |
> | `rpm_ratio_error` | double | 0.70            | If the rpm rate of the motor (= current rpm / default rpm) is lower than this value,the diagnostics status becomes ERROR |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Name              | Type   | Default Value   | Description                                                                                                              |
| ----------------- | ------ | --------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `ip_address`      | string | "192.168.1.201" | IP address of target Velodyne                                                                                             |
| `temp_cold_warn`  | double | -5.0            | If the temperature of Velodyne is lower than this value, the diagnostics status becomes WARN [°C]                         |
| `temp_cold_error` | double | -10.0           | If the temperature of Velodyne is lower than this value, the diagnostics status becomes ERROR [°C]                        |
| `temp_hot_warn`   | double | 75.0            | If the temperature of Velodyne is higher than this value, the diagnostics status becomes WARN [°C]                        |
| `temp_hot_error`  | double | 80.0            | If the temperature of Velodyne is higher than this value, the diagnostics status becomes ERROR [°C]                       |
| `rpm_ratio_warn`  | double | 0.80            | If the rpm rate of the motor (= current rpm / default rpm) is lower than this value, the diagnostics status becomes WARN  |
| `rpm_ratio_error` | double | 0.70            | If the rpm rate of the motor (= current rpm / default rpm) is lower than this value, the diagnostics status becomes ERROR |
```
Nit: `value,the` -> `value, the`
